Add 'type' option for .as() command; Improve visibility of alias changes in 12.x (#4943)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/api/queries/as.mdx

```javascript
cy.get('.main-nav').find('li').first().as('firstNav') // Alias element as @firstNav

> cy.get('input.username').invoke('val').as('username', { type: 'static' }) // Alias a static (not re-queried) value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cy.get('input.username').invoke('val').as('username', { type: 'static' }) // Alias that references the value at the time the alias was created
```

[`cy.get()`](/api/commands/get) or [`cy.wait()`](/api/commands/wait) command
using an `@` prefix.

**<Icon name="angle-right"></Icon> options** **_(Object)_**

Pass in an options object to change the default behavior of `.as()`.

| Option | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------ | ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `type` | `query` | The type of alias to store, which impacts how the value is retrieved later in the test. Valid values are `query` and `static`. A `query` alias re-runs all queries leading up to the resulting value each time the alias is requested. A `static` alias is retrived once when the alias is stored, and will never change. `type` has no effect when aliasing intercepts, spies and stubs. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `type` | `query` | The type of alias to store, which impacts how the value is retrieved later in the test. Valid values are `query` and `static`. A `query` alias re-runs all queries leading up to the resulting value each time the alias is requested. A `static` alias is retrieved once when the alias is stored, and will never change. `type` has no effect when aliasing intercepts, spies, and stubs. |
```
